CS102 PAIRED TECHNICAL INTERVIEW

This is the template for what you are expected to submit for the CS102 PAIRED Technical Interview.
Please make sure you have your items in this order when you submit so the we can grade it easier🙏

Refer back to the Paired Technical Interview Print outs to the content you should submit.
In general, you should submit at least a number and some notes for the interviewer side, and your full code solution for the Candidate.

We encourage you to comment your code if you'd like!

Ryan Zhang

Tiffany Lin

Interviewer Form

Contains Duplicates

1) Problem Understanding
Score: 3
- Was slightly confused about the problem, asked for clarification about the test cases as a result
- otherwise was mostly able to understand what the problem was asking

2) Communication & Collaboration
Score: 3
- was very clear about her train of thought in approaching the problem
- was willing to cooperate in solving the problem very well

3) Implementation & Technical Depth
Score: 3
- solution was implemented very well, near identical to the sample code
- was able to identify the code as being O(n)
- needed a bit of nudging in the right direction

4) Team Fit & Working Style
Score: 3
- was willing to hear and accept feedback
- used feedback to guide her solution to the problem

Final Evaluation
Score: 12
Lean Hire

Final Decision
Candidate was able to think very logically about the problem, had a rough idea of how to approach the problem. However her initial interpretation of the problem was somewhat of a concern. This could be attributed to a slight oversight however, so overall it was fine. 

Candidate Form

def lengthOfLongestSubstring(s: str) -> int:
	chars = set()
	max = 0
	left = 0

	for i in range(len(s)):
		while s[i] in chars:
			chars.remove(s[left])
			left += 1
		chars.add(s[i])
		max = len(chars)
	return max

# I chose to create a hashset, which would only store unique characters in it. I defined a variable max for storing the max value, and left so that I could iterate through the string as sort of a sliding window. After iterating through everything, I returned the value stored in max. Should be O(n).